we are about to turn this room into the
most technologically advanced Next Level
Cinema and gaming room that you have
probably ever seen I'm literally about
to get a call in 8 minutes and on that
call we actually need to lock in and buy
the products that we might well be using
for the rest of our lives and then we
will set it up and we'll experience it
together for the first time I cannot
tell you how excited I am so when I
first walked into this room here's how I
thought this was going to go I thought
oh cool the room already has such good
noise isolation we're going to be able
to get an awesome projector for like
£5,000 speakers will probably be another
4,000 and then the blank screen maybe
another, £10,000 total and it's going to
be awesome but wow have we seen some
crazy stuff you can do to take it
further the first of which is this is
going to be a gaming room just as much
as it is a cinema room so we spent the
first couple of days just deciding
exactly which gaming consoles we wanted
to fill it with adding in extra TVs and
finding a way to hide them in the room
and then realizing that we already hit
our initial budget with that alone but
things only started to get really crazy
when we headed to a place called pulse
Cinemas to find out what was possible
with the audio and the projector parts
of this dream Cinema room and it was
super cool cuz these guys had actually
built three different tiers of Cinema
and each level introduced new layers of
Technology but even their tier one
Cinema system which by the way started
at
£30,000 had some very cool things going
on like one problem that you need to
solve if you're going for a high-end
Cinema is you've got a massive screen in
front of you right but then where do the
speakers go yeah you can put them on the
sides but we very quickly realize that
you're going to get the best sound if at
least some of those speakers are
directly in front of you and facing you
so learning number one is that you can't
just stick like a whiteboard on your
wall as your screen the best screens are
made of woven fabric that is
acoustically transparent so it doesn't
interfere with the sound at all so that
you can put some of your speakers behind
it but there is a lot more that we've
realized you can do and that we're going
to try to do so that's going to diffuse
the sound so it's going to reflect the
sound back into the room if you just put
absorption into a room it would sound
like I know if you ever been to an an
aoic chamber but it would just sound
horrible oh dear so yes turns out you
actually don't just want absorption like
we have here if you're trying to build a
perfect Cinema then you have to actually
balance out audio absorption reflection
and diffusion to make sure that the
sound is traveling in the right way
around your room the only remaining
thing to do then was to settle into
these Uber plush reclining chairs to
actually see what this £3,000 investment
results in my
goodness heard a string instrument so
deep and that's partly because this was
a
7.2.4 surround sound system you actually
see these numbers thrown around quite a
lot in this world so just so you know
the first number means how many main
speakers you have the second is the
number of subwoofers you have which
handle your deep bass notes most casual
home Cinemas will have one but these
guys went for two and then the third
number is the number of ceiling speakers
if any just because those can add a
whole extra Dimension so with that I was
so curious what on Earth could tier 2 do
well this was a £60,000 room and as well
as the obvious projector and speaker
quality upgrade the other immediately
obvious thing is you can't see any of
the speakers this room is showing how if
you use the same acoustically
transparent material as we previously
had just for the screen for your walls 2
you can actually create a completely
Next Level Bonker sound setup in which
you see no speakers and that's so cool
but also it's at this sort of what I
would call very high price here that you
start to come into another conundrum so
most home Cinemas will need some sort of
power amplifier as the brains to process
all the audio and video signals to give
you the ports to connect up to audio
speakers and to provide the power needed
to drive them but when you get to the
high end you start to realize that
you're going to get better performance
if you split this functionality into
multiple boxes so having a completely
separate box dedicated just to
processing and upgrading your audio
signals and then another just for
upgrading your video signals and that's
what they've introduced with this setup
so we tested
it any carrier in the sector please
respond seeing of my bones it's actually
quite hard to describe to you how
ridiculously impressive this second
setup was like my legs were actually
shaking when the bass notes hit okay so
tier
three
o wow wo wo W now as you can probably
tell I was trying to keep my call cuz
you know you never want to get too
excited around people trying to sell you
stuff but my God I mean this might just
be the prettiest room I've ever seen
full stop but then the guy introduced me
to what this room is really about it's
actually more to do with the Troff it's
an in-house developed system to give you
the ultimate base experience in
what it gives you is the seat to se
consistency of Base I spent about 30
full minutes trying to get to the bottom
of what this trinov actually is and long
story short this Cinema system which by
the way is priced at £300,000 has four
powerful subwoofers at the front those
subwoofers fire out a wave of Basse
anytime there's a low note in what
you're watching or playing and then the
back of the cinema is lined with four
more of the exact same subwoofers and
this is where it gets interesting
because these are called the absorbing
array which basically sends out the same
signal that the front is sending out but
just inverted in order to cancel that
sound out and then slightly delayed by
the amount of time that it takes the
front sound to reach the back of the
room and so trinov is basically the
processor that allows super advanced
stuff like that to be calculated but why
well essentially to make sure that Bas
doesn't reverberate it booms you feel it
in your soul and then it cuts to Dead
Silence again to give you the maximum
possible a audio dnamic range the
ability for one moment to be explosive
and the next to be a whisper so we had
to listen to this absolutely Bonkers
tier 3 setup
and yeah I had never experienced
anything like that before the sound was
just bongers like it felt like a sphere
around my head and the music was
swimming in my brain but no obviously we
didn't just see that and then buy that I
mean we've spent a lot of time in
showroom since we've seen screens that
can actually extend to match the aspect
ratio of your movie or game we've seen
audio processing boxes taller than I am
that actually have eyes for some reason
and we've seen seating my friends
seating so so comfortable that oh my God
I swear at some points I was physically
unable to pay any attention to what the
sales guy was telling me and so this is
what I'm thinking right now we found a
company called Meridian Audio who's
going to do our speakers out of
everything we tried they were the we're
going to end up going
for I can't quite believe I'm saying
this but 21 speakers and 12 subwoofers
and then to finish the whole thing off
we managed to find not just an
acoustically transparent screen but also
an acoustically transparent fabric
that's going to cover every single wall
so you don't see a single speaker and
projector wise I initially came into
this thinking I was going to get a Sony
or a JBC you know the consumer facing
Brands but through our travels to these
various showrooms rooms we found this
company called Barco and they usually
deal directly with businesses so i'
never heard of them but the brightness
of those projectors versus the jbc's
it's actually a big difference maybe
because they're designed for bigger
commercial Cinemas and the seating we
decided it has to be the masterminds
that made this thing right here and
turns out that is a company called movia
who seem to have a whole load of
different base designs and materials but
then they're also completely modular so
you can actually configure the exact
arrangement of those designs so this
guy's going to call in about a minute
the price really adds up when you start
adding arrays of speakers hi Aon how you
doing so we've had a look through the
quote we're happy to go ahead with it
that's brilliant that's great news even
small private Cinemas that are run by
film clubs and stuff like that very few
of them get to this sort of level it's
going to be probably one of the very
best private Cinemas in this country and
we're going to be playing smash on it
we're going to be plugging a Nintendo
switch into it yeah
wow now I thought from the point of
placing that order this would be a
one-month job yet again foolish ambition
it actually took 4 months for a few
reasons we had to tear down every single
existing panel on the walls we had to
fit four ceiling speakers 12 subwoofers
and 17 wall speakers which to be honest
the only crazier thing than hearing that
number is seeing it remember every one
of these speakers contains multiple
speaker cones then we had to refit new
panels on top in a very carefully
controlled combination of super high
quality noise is ation pads with the
very best sound diffusion panels we
could find all painted black and then
finished with our acoustically
transparent black fabric going around
the whole room and then finally because
the team who was building it had to do a
lot of testing constantly tweaking the
arrangement of things using this
multi-array microphone to check the
results at each stage until it was just
perfect and that is now inside this room
is one of the greatest Cinema room and
gaming rooms ever created and I haven't
even tested it yet we're about to do it
together on camera and I am about to pee
myself with
excitement
[Music]
welcome so I'm going to take you around
the room like this and it's just going
to keep building starting with the
console cabinet weirdly this is one of
my proudest achievements ever we started
out with a plain cutout in the wall and
we quickly realized two issues one that
all the consoles are different heights
so you had just a ton of waste space but
the bigger issue was cables we had like
30 different cables trailing all over
the place because I am obsessive to an
annoying level I didn't just want the
consoles to be powered on I wanted to
create a space where every single
controller of every console is also
always plugged in always fully charged
and so with a bunch of carefully placed
plants false walls and shelves we have
actually pulled that off you basically
can't see a cable so what Hardware did
we go for well from left to right you
can see we've got four PlayStation five
Slims there's actually a very good
reason for that which I'm getting to but
what I want to show you now is one of
the key problems that we were trying to
avoid which is what console does this
controller connect to then I remembered
that Sony themselves actually sell
alternate colored plates and then
realized that they also sell controllers
that matched to the color of those
plates so yeah one thing led to another
and now we have four color matched ps5s
which is just surreal there's the
PlayStation portal here which again does
actually charge here it's like secretly
connected magnetic to a very stealthy
cable behind it this is a console that's
had a little bit of a character Arc for
me when it first released I thought wow
that's a very overpriced empty piece of
Hardware but as soon as you have really
good stable internet and also you have a
specific use case for it in mind it can
be an absolute Game Changer like it is
in this set this thing plays a pivotal
role in what we're trying to do here
then this is a 1 tbte Xbox series X this
is basically just for Halo I've been
obsessed with Halo ever since I was like
10 years old and since Halo already has
four player split screen on one console
it'd be absolutely silly to get four
Xboxes also I absolutely love these
razor Chargers we've got for all the
Xbox and PlayStation remotes we went
through a lot of different ones ones
with RGB lighting ones that tried to
match the designs of the consoles
nothing beats the look The feel and the
quality of these and then of course we
have the Nintendo switch corner and as
silly as it does feel to have this
little tablet that's like a third of the
power of a modern day phone
Nintendo makes great games and the fact
that on just one of these things you can
have eight people playing multiplayer
games at 60 frames per second will
forever be an embarrassment to
everything on that side you got to love
the optimization and then in here this
has always been a dream of mine to do so
for a long time we've used these
knockoff Nintendo switch Pro controllers
they're very customizable they're fun to
look at but they're a little cheap and
you can kind of tell and somehow three
of the four of those controllers I use
have managed to develop some form of
joystick drift not this time I wanted to
do everything in this house to the
highest possible standard we wanted to
have the best controllers with also the
best customization so every single one
of these switch controllers is an
official Nintendo switch Pro Controller
but custom painted by colorware and I
cannot believe how good it's turned out
oh yeah and the final thing in this
console cabinet seems really boring but
is actually so cool this is an HDMI
Matrix so this connects every single
output device like a PlayStation an Xbox
and Nintendo switch with every single
input device in this room because yes
there are multiple screens here so every
single device in this entire room is
allocated one of these numbers and then
you just tap these buttons to decide
which screen those devices can display
their image on now up here we've got two
side cabinets so these were not here
when we first got the house we got them
made because there's a few extra things
that we wanted to add to this room
starting with the tech shelf now to most
people this is probably going to look
like a dumpster fire but I'm hoping
given that you're watching this video
you will see this for the arch piece
that it is so these two are making sure
that every device has the fastest
internet and the fastest data transfer
like everything where possible is wired
not wireless then you got a layer of
plugs and this isn't fun but I think
it's really important when you're
building a room like this where you
might be powering something that's
sitting on the other side of it that you
just label them so you know what's what
now underneath that is something called
the Blue sound node and the only reason
that we have that is just so that we can
use our phones to play music through
this ridiculous Meridian sound system
which on one hand yes seems like a
really strange thing to have to do in
2024 and the era of Sonos speakers which
have that capability built inside of
them already but basically you'll find
when you get to really high-end sound
systems everything is separate partly
because they work in slightly
old-fashioned ways but mostly because
splitting up the functionality of each
device allows you to get devices that do
each function at the absolute maximum so
there's no bottlenecks and then below
that we've got the lumagen and the
reason we have this box in very simple
terms is it makes things look better
we've got so many different devices in
this room all connected to the same
displays you know Nintendo switch Xbox
PlayStation there's an Apple TV box
behind here as well the lumagen takes in
all of these inputs and just make sure
that when they come out of it they are
corrected in every way possible and then
we've got this absolute unit of a box
the trinov audio like you've seen this
thing's like a super computer designed
with the sole purpose of audio
processing and there is something really
cool that we've managed to pull off in
this room thanks to the power of this
box but we're getting there and then
this
there's a
freezer it freezes things wow anyway I
am so happy with how this thing came
together so this is a PC it's designed
by PC specialist specifically for
virtual reality they have this very fun
and very dangerous configurator when
you're picking what you want but
eventually we decided on this absolutely
Bonkers specification so RTX 490
graphics card 24 core Intel Core I9 up
to 6 GHz Herz 8 terab of M2 Solid State
Storage 64 GB of RAM and the entire
thing is also water cooled just to keep
it as quiet as possible and when the
thing arrived that was all the stuff we
expected what we didn't expect is just
how handsome the thing is we originally
allocated the top half of that shelving
cabinet just to store the thing we took
it out the box saw how the black
perfectly matched the background the
wood paneling here perfectly match the
sofas so we just decided it has to be
here this just makes sense this is
actually the first time I get to try it
headset controllers oh by the way this
is actually a really cool time to show
you the control 4 Halo touch so
technically all of these are remotes for
something in this Cinema room this is
the only one we actually need every
single one of these normal remotes is
designed to have one purpose whereas
this remote is connecting to the
hardware in the house on a deeper layer
and so I can do basically anything on
this like for example if I click
lighting here and then I go into scenes
we have five different lighting modes
each creating a different mood in this
room but the reason I'm showing you this
now is if I click this watch button here
this is every single input device in
this entire Cinema room all the
PlayStation 5 the Xbox series X Nintendo
switch and the vrpc so all I have to do
is to tap on that PC button and the PC
goes through the HDMI Matrix and starts
displaying on this main screen this is
absolutely insane so I am streaming
right now from the PC which means you're
able to play VR games at a level of
graphical Fidelity you would not be able
to with the headset alone oh and there's
like no latency at all and then for the
headset it might seem like a little bit
of a strange decision why we went for
The Meta Quest 3 because you know I was
saying we wanted the best of the best
for everything in this Cinema room and
you can get a lot more fancy and a lot
more expensive VR headsets than this
there is a whole world of ultra
specialized extremely Cutting Edge
headsets but this is the one that I keep
coming back to because if all you want
to do is game then they are all worse
than the actually quite simple meta
Quest 3 mostly because of how much more
reliable the software is on this
thing then you got the sofas and the
reason that I fell in love with this is
as far as the comfort's concerned you
cannot tell this is not a normal sofa
but it's actually kind of Hightech so I
mentioned before that one of the main
perks of this is that it's modular
meaning that each one of these segments
is its own piece that you can kind of
chop and change to put together like
pieces of Lego which means we've managed
to get a sofa that perfectly fits the
space we wanted leaving just enough gap
on either side it means we've been able
to specifically select the feature set
that we want in the armrest so I just
think this is so cool if you pull this
back you've got a drinks holder with an
RGB configurable light on the inside and
a chi charger for your phone people are
always asking for Chargers when they
come to your house so it's tough to
describe how much joy it brings me that
now I can just say to them stick your
phone in the armrest but this is the
cherry on top it also means that every
single one of these seats has its own
three-part movable skeleton underneath
so you reach your hand into this kice
you can adjust the foot rest you can
adjust the headrest and you can also
with a different button adjust the depth
of the thing and it comes out so far it
is almost bed-like which is just insane
considering how compact it is I'm not
exaggerating when I say this thing is
hideously expensive for seating but at
the same time it is the best movie sofa
I've ever experienced we did end up
going for the barcode projector which
has a 5k resolution and you can kind of
tell that it's commercial grade by the
fact that it has an actual display on
the side so that someone in a viewing
area can actually see a preview of
what's being projected out the front now
this is cabinet thei this is a simple
one but it's no less fun basically all
of our favorite snacks and we thought
that this area here would actually be
really nice to pour yourself a drink in
but since we don't actually have any
bottles yet it is filled with Pringles
then this is a well not so many bridge
and the thing that I think is
particularly cool here is is how it's
integrated it's quite easy for a white
fridge and some cheap snacks to stand
out like a sore Thum in a room like this
but the way we've done the paneling and
used the same acoustic fabric that we
have across the entire Cinema room on
this Cabinetry as well makes it feel
like a part of it bean bags so these are
from whoa a company called vet saac and
they're about twice as big as I was
expecting them to be the box came into
the house and I was thinking oh that
seems a little small but cute then I
opened it and the thing fraking exploded
in front of me you then have to leave
them out for 48 hours too fluff and here
we are I knew we wanted bean bags in
this house ever since we did a team
retreat in an Airbnb 2 years ago and
that place had swapped out every single
sofa with a bean bag and it just it
changed the entire Vibe it created such
a feeling of calm which I loved so the
reason why we've got four ps5s here the
reason why we've got an HDMI Matrix half
the reason why this room exists is
because of this button right here Co-op
gaming and while this happens I want to
explain to you why I've chosen to use
surf Shar VPN for our Cinema room PC so
you probably know how most vpns work oh
my God it's actually working they take
your traffic they root it through one of
their servers so that all the website on
the other end can see is the details of
that server and that's already pretty
cool but surf shark uses Nexus
technology meaning that every one of
their servers is connected and that surf
shark can bounce you between all of them
on the fly without dropping your
connection and that's pretty Next Level
because it means you're even more
difficult to track cuz you can have a
new IP address every single time you
click a new link and instead of your
data being massed through one server
your data can be massed through an
entire network of servers and you'll get
even better speeds because as soon as a
faster server opens up you can be rooted
through that instead automatically and
if you go to Sur shark.com boss you can
now get it at the all-time lowest price
ever $1.99 a month for an unlimited
number of users with four extra months
for free oh my
God I can't I can't actually believe
this and they're all on
automatically just give me a second to
take this in so this is two LG G4 OLED
TVs these things are 55 in 4K resolution
the pit quality is amazing and each one
is mounted to by far the most Bonkers
mechanism I've ever seen in my life so
this is from a company called future
automation it can project the TV down a
whole meter it can swivel in 360° and it
communicates with control 4 which means
that from this remote I can set the
precise centimeter and angle that this
TV is positioned at also each mechanism
weighs of 200 kg so getting those into
the ceiling was actually the single
hardest part of this entire
project this is it this is it oh my God
this is a dream I've probably had for
the last 5 to 10 years and today it has
finally come true I can hear bullets all
around me I can see what you guys are up
to in my peripheral vision every like
gunshot has so much weight to it it's
insane it's done nothing for our
performance the skill level is
incredibly low on this battlefield and
you can hear it behind you yeah you can
hear everything like you actually
instantly know where the enemies are oh
yeah and you want to know the most
Bonkers part of this whole thing because
of that Trin of superc computer sitting
in the cabinet the sound from each
person's game can be directed towards
the seat that they'll be sitting in so
everyone hears a slightly different mix
of audio tailored to what they're
noticing on their screen while still
getting the background from what's
happening on everyone else
and this is also where the PS portal
comes in it connects to the white PS5
for player 4 so even though there's
three main screens we can still do four
friends online co-op gaming in the same
game at the same time just nuts and this
is the pieace resistance so let's say
that after gaming I want to watch
something okay so you pull up Apple TV
Play trailer and then there is a mode
baked into here because yes we did go
for a motorized screen hit movie
H ridiculous absolutely ridiculous it
happens so smoothly I can't believe it
is that supposed to be scary the R
rating isn't new for me friend but it is
for
Disney oh my
God you know the thing that's hardest to
communicate through video is how the
sound envelops you in the content you
just feel like like all these walls
they're actually speakers behind them
you're being blasted from every single
angle and it just pulls you in it's the
best sound I've ever heard in any Cinema
ever next episode is the living room
which we have equally spicy plans for